README.md, before:

# FlowDown

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">English</a> |
  <a href="/Resources/i18n/zh-Hans/README.md">简体中文</a>
</p>

FlowDown is a native AI chat client for Apple platforms, designed for speed, privacy, and power users. It provides a fluid, responsive interface to interact with a variety of AI models, right from your iPhone, iPad, and Mac.

![Preview](./Resources/SCR-PREVIEW.png)

## Download

[![App Store Icon](./Resources/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_092917.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/flowdown-open-fast-ai/id6740553198)

You can also join the public beta on [TestFlight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/StpMeybv) to try out new features.

To get you started, FlowDown includes complimentary access to a selection of models. For more power and control, you can easily connect to your own self-hosted services or any OpenAI-compatible provider. Learn more in our [documentation](https://apps.qaq.wiki/docs/flowdown/).

Join our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/UHKMRyJcgc) to share feedback and get help.

## Features

- **Privacy First**: Your conversations and API keys never leave your device. All data is stored locally or synced via your private iCloud. We collect nothing.
- **Native Performance**: Built with Swift, FlowDown is lightweight and incredibly fast. No web wrappers, just a seamless, native experience on iOS and macOS.
- **Universal Compatibility**: Connect to any OpenAI-compatible API, including self-hosted models, giving you complete freedom and control.
- **Rich User Experience**: Enjoy full Markdown rendering, syntax highlighting, and a buttery-smooth interface that makes interacting with AI a pleasure.
- **Powerful Workflows**:
    - **Vision Support**: Interact with vision-capable models.
    - **File Attachments**: Add files and documents to your conversations.
    - **Web Search**: Grant the AI access to real-time information from the web.
    - **Reusable Templates**: Save and quickly reuse your favorite prompts.
- **iCloud Sync**: Seamlessly syncs your conversations, settings, and custom models across all your Apple devices.
- **Open Source**: FlowDown is fully open source under the AGPL-3.0 license. We invite you to inspect the code and verify our commitment to privacy and quality.

## License

The source code is licensed under AGPL-3.0. You can find the full license text in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.

Please note that while the code is open source, the FlowDown name, icon, and artwork are proprietary. For commercial licensing inquiries, please contact us.

---

© 2025 FlowDown Team (@Lakr233) All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Add API KEY usage explanation to README files
Added a section in both English and Chinese README files explaining the removal of the API KEY input box due to App Store review guidelines, and providing guidance for users on API KEY usage and configuration.

README.md, after:

# FlowDown

<p align="center">
  <a href="README.md">English</a> |
  <a href="/Resources/i18n/zh-Hans/README.md">简体中文</a>
</p>

FlowDown is a native AI chat client for Apple platforms, designed for speed, privacy, and power users. It provides a fluid, responsive interface to interact with a variety of AI models, right from your iPhone, iPad, and Mac.

![Preview](./Resources/SCR-PREVIEW.png)

## Download

[![App Store Icon](./Resources/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-UK_RGB_blk_092917.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/flowdown-open-fast-ai/id6740553198)

You can also join the public beta on [TestFlight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/StpMeybv) to try out new features.

To get you started, FlowDown includes complimentary access to a selection of models. For more power and control, you can easily connect to your own self-hosted services or any OpenAI-compatible provider. Learn more in our [documentation](https://apps.qaq.wiki/docs/flowdown/).

Join our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/UHKMRyJcgc) to share feedback and get help.

## Features

- **Privacy First**: Your conversations and API keys never leave your device. All data is stored locally or synced via your private iCloud. We collect nothing.
- **Native Performance**: Built with Swift, FlowDown is lightweight and incredibly fast. No web wrappers, just a seamless, native experience on iOS and macOS.
- **Universal Compatibility**: Connect to any OpenAI-compatible API, including self-hosted models, giving you complete freedom and control.
- **Rich User Experience**: Enjoy full Markdown rendering, syntax highlighting, and a buttery-smooth interface that makes interacting with AI a pleasure.
- **Powerful Workflows**:
    - **Vision Support**: Interact with vision-capable models.
    - **File Attachments**: Add files and documents to your conversations.
    - **Web Search**: Grant the AI access to real-time information from the web.
    - **Reusable Templates**: Save and quickly reuse your favorite prompts.
- **iCloud Sync**: Seamlessly syncs your conversations, settings, and custom models across all your Apple devices.
- **Open Source**: FlowDown is fully open source under the AGPL-3.0 license. We invite you to inspect the code and verify our commitment to privacy and quality.

## About Those Six Forbidden Letters - API KEY

Ah yes, API KEY—those six mystical letters that shall not be named. Apple's review guidelines treat them like some forbidden incantation, though they never explicitly said so. Every time we dare mention them in our submission, we get rejected faster than you can say "App Store." After countless hours battling this "sensitive word," we finally learned our lesson: shut up and move on. So we deleted the API KEY input box.

I tried every possible way to communicate and explain. After all, our FlowDown team just wants to build something clean and beautiful—we don't collect or profit from your API KEY. But after months of struggle, we finally got it: silence is golden. So we removed the API KEY input box entirely.

How could our humble little app possibly comprehend those sophisticated in-app purchase systems that big corporations use? We're just too simple-minded to grasp such complexity. That's right, we simply can't learn it. After all, our tiny workshop can't even figure out a basic in-app purchase system for sure. FlowDown TestFlight is completely free, GitHub releases cost nothing, and the code is fully open source.

Honestly, every time I see users asking "where do I put the API Key," I feel utterly helpless. FlowDown isn't designed for people who just want to find an input box and paste their API KEY (if that's you, perhaps you should stick with the official chat apps). You really should first **understand what an API KEY actually is**, then learn **what HTTP request headers are**, and then you'll naturally know **where the API KEY should go**. If you can't manage even these basics, you should find someone to set up [**enterprise configuration**](https://apps.qaq.wiki/docs/flowdown/en/documents/advanced_settings/enterprise.html) for you.

If none of this makes sense to you, well... I suppose there's nothing more I can say. *sigh*

## License

The source code is licensed under AGPL-3.0. You can find the full license text in the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file.

Please note that while the code is open source, the FlowDown name, icon, and artwork are proprietary. For commercial licensing inquiries, please contact us.

---

© 2025 FlowDown Team (@Lakr233) All Rights Reserved.
